Prague 2022 CFP launch (#1711)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/prague/2022/news/announcing-cfp.rst

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: Apr 27, 2022
   :tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}} cfp

Announcing Call for Proposals
=============================

> Today we are announcing our `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/cfp/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today we are announcing our `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/cfp/>`_.
We'll have more updates soon,
but we wanted to announce our CFP so you have time to prepare your talk ideas. 
```

Reviewer 2: Or even 

> we wanted to announce our CFP so you have time to prepare your talk ideas

Speaking at Write the Docs is a fantastic way to share your ideas with our inspiring community of documentarians.
If there is something you’d really like to see a talk on this year, submit a proposal on it, or refer someone else who would be good!

Call for Proposals
------------------

Every year, Write the Docs invites people from all across our community to come up on stage to share their insights and experience.
We're looking for ideas and use-cases from all disciplines and roles, so whether you're a technical writer, developer, UX designer, community manager, or support professional who cares about content and communication, we want to hear from you!

**The conference is virtual again and all talks will be pre-recorded, allowing you to present and attend from anywhere!** Our video producer will be available to help with recording if you want it. We'd also love it if you'll be available for a remote live Q&A with our moderators after your talk.

You can read our full `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/cfp/>`__ on the website.

> The Call for Proposals will be open until **11:59 PM {{cfp.ends}} PST**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Call for Proposals will be open until **11:59 PM {{cfp.ends}} {{ tz }}**.
```

Tickets
-------

Tickets will officially go on sale in a week or so. 
We expect tickets to be similar to the `2021 pricing <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/2021/tickets/>`__.

As always, we keep ticket prices low so that the event is accessible to the widest range of people possible.
However, if you can't afford the tickets and still wish to attend, we will launch our grants program when we open ticket sales.

Stay Updated
------------

Want to find out what's happening with the conference, or enjoy our monthly global community newsletter?
Sign up to one or more of our `mailing lists <http://eepurl.com/cdWqc5>`_. Your information will never be shared with any third-parties, and you can unsubscribe at any time.

> Want to connect with other documentarians in real-time? Join our `Slack <http://slack.writethedocs.org/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to connect with other documentarians in real-time? Join our `Slack <https://www.writethedocs.org/slack/>`_.
```

:template: {{year}}/generic.html

.. post:: Apr 27, 2022
   :tags: {{shortcode}}-{{year}} cfp

Announcing Call for Proposals
=============================

> Today we are announcing our `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{city}}/{{year}}/cfp/>`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Today we are announcing our `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/cfp/>`_.
```

in all links I believe

Speaking at Write the Docs is a fantastic way to share your ideas with our inspiring community of documentarians.
If there is something you’d really like to see a talk on this year, submit a proposal on it, or refer someone else who would be good!

Call for Proposals
------------------

Every year, Write the Docs invites people from all across our community to come up on stage to share their insights and experience.
We're looking for ideas and use-cases from all disciplines and roles, so whether you're a technical writer, developer, UX designer, community manager, or support professional who cares about content and communication, we want to hear from you!

> **All talks will be pre-recorded allowing you to present and attend from anywhere!** This year we are holding a hybrid event, and in order to maintain accessibility for folks who are unable to travel, we are going to broadcast the talks both on the stage in the venue and in Hopin, our virtual conference program.

Author: ```suggestion
**The conference is virtual again and all talks will be pre-recorded, allowing you to present and attend from anywhere!** Our video producer will be available to help with recording if you want it. We'd also love it if you'll be available for a remote live Q&A with our moderators after your talk.
```

> You can read our full `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{city}}/{{year}}/cfp/>`__ on the website.

Author: ```suggestion
You can read our full `Call for Proposals <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/{{year}}/cfp/>`__ on the website.
```

The Call for Proposals will be open until **11:59 PM {{cfp.ends}} PST**.

Tickets
-------

Tickets will officially go on sale in a week or so. 

> We are working out the final details on the conference format and the different price tiers for in-person and virtual tickets.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> We expect tickets to be similar to the `2021 pricing <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{city}}/2021/tickets/>`__.

Author: ```suggestion
We expect tickets to be similar to the `2021 pricing <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/{{shortcode}}/2021/tickets/>`__.
```

As always, we keep ticket prices low so that the event is accessible to the widest range of people possible.

> However, if you can't afford the tickets and still wish to attend, we will launch our grants program soon after opening ticket sales.

Author: ```suggestion
However, if you can't afford the tickets and still wish to attend, we will launch our grants program when we open ticket sales.
```
